Fixes #27325 Stitch entity for which target of relationship has changed (#27417)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/short-pots-remember.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend': patch
---

> Stitch entities for which the target of a relationship has changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where entities would not be marked for restitching if only the target of a relationship changed.
```

Author: @aramissennyeydd I believe "Fixes #27325" is already in the PR description and the commit description. Perhaps did you mean the `changeset` md file?

Reviewer: I only see it in the title on my end (and commit description), I think it's fine to leave as is.

Reviewer 2: Nope, he means at the top of the page here, editing the description text (that now has like "Hey, I just made a Pull Request" to have `Fixes #27325` on a line of its own, because that means when the PR gets merged, that issue gets auto-closed as well (and linked to the PR)
